I can tell you like it I love it it's
perfect I'm at the deposit I'll agree to
waive all the deposit stuff you just
give me the first month's down we'll
call it a day all right it's hard coming
up with all that money isn't it no bank
account and I check to write on Monday
you know what you should do
hi I'm calling in regards to the
babysitter Claire posted outside my dorm
nice big Eclipse is now well underway
we're just dropping you out here in the
middle of wherever we are
Samantha cuz I've not been completely
honest live in the desert you know you
see we we actually don't have a child
daylight I know I know you're right but
it's $400 the steeples first ones for
and then Simon all I have to do is sit
inside and watch TV this is huge this
one night changes everything for me
[Music]
and nothing
talk to me hard talk to me
you
[Music]